## Attendees
Allan Foster, Phil Hunt, Alex B., Gail Hodges, Dani Katzman, Roland Baum, Sean O’Dell, Darin M, Victor L, Srini Marreddy, Andrew Hughes
## Agenda
- Approval of Sean O'Dell as co-chair
- Review action items from last call
- Discuss open issues on GitHub
## Notes
- Sean approved as co-chair of AuthZEN, congratulations!
- Review of action items
  - Folks are still signing up for slack - remember that messages are only stored for 90 days
  - Several new issues were added to the repo since last week, more discussion about that belo
  - Alex did not have time to post the design patterns material and there was more discussion about this topic as well
- There were several questions raised during general discussion, some of which are already captured as issues in the repo
  - What is a subject, what is an action?
  - How does the PDP respond if it does not have a policy corresponding to the request?
  - Should the PEP be blind to what policies are stored in the PDP or should the PEP know what data to send with the access request?
  - Do we delineate between security and business policies?
  - The PEP could be a simple function or part of a complex action or set of actions
  - Some PEPs may want a response that is beyond just Permit/Deny
  - We have to be careful to not be too prescriptive
  - Is it possible to answer open ended questions with graphDB based system? Alex replies in the affirmative
- Andrew expressed concern that we are bouncing between different levels of complexity. Suggests that thing about categories of interaction patterns:
  - Is there more than one interaction pattern for asking for a Permit/Deny response?
  - Is there more than one interaction pattern for asking for an open ended request?
## Action items
- Alex and Roland will work on the design patterns use case document
- We will add items directly in the issues list, where needed, starting with the next meeting
- Should we cancel any of the calls around U.S. Thanksgiving?
